---
title: Work With Me
class: about
layout: page
---
![Profile Image]({{ site.url }}/{{ site.picture }})

# Hello!

I'm a **Freelance Android Developer** based in Berlin, Germany. I am skilled at
building native apps for Android. I am passionate about mobile development,
programming languages and machine learning, and also about sharing knowledge
and building communities.

## My Expertise

I've been a developer since 2006, when I got my first job as a Java developer,
and **I've been working with Android since 2012**. In the past, I have also
worked with embedded systems in C, I've created games in C++, management tools
in C# and iOS apps with Objective-C. [Check my projects here.](/projects)

As a mobile developer, I've been creating apps and libraries for seven years
and I am still enjoying it, specially since Kotlin came out. As well, I've been
[experimenting with
Flutter](https://github.com/miquelbeltran/flutter_projects), a new framework to
build high-performant hybrid applications that run both on Android and iOS.

In the latest years, I've also been [learning Machine Learning and Neural
Networks](https://github.com/miquelbeltran/deep-learning), with special focus
on practical approaches for mobile devices.

And last but not least, **I love teaching**. [I am a public speaker](/talks)
and also [blog author](https://medium.com/@miqubel).  I have spoken at
conferences worldwide and my articles have helped thousands of developers
understand complex concepts. I am currently preparing a course on Pluralsight.
I'd be more than happy to help your team improve with workshops and seminars.

## My way of working

I believe that **communication is the most important skill** that developers
should have and I reflect that in my way of building things: well documented
code, easy to read and easy to maintain. I am always happy to answer questions
and collaborate even remotely.

## Work with me!

Sounds good? Then **let's work together!**
Send me an email to [miquelbeltran@gmail.com](mailto:miquelbeltran@gmail.com).
Recruiters are also welcome to contact me.

[Download my CV](/Beltran_CV_2018.pdf)<br/>
[Download my Portfolio](/Beltran_Portfolio.pdf)
